doc(setting): modify the setting description (#987)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.7.2/references/settings.md

> Default: `longhorn-static`

> The `storageClassName` is for persistent volumes (PVs) and persistent volume claims (PVCs) when creating PV/PVC for an existing Longhorn volume. Notice that it's unnecessary for users to create the related StorageClass object in Kubernetes since the StorageClass would only be used as matching labels for PVC bounding purpose.  The "storageClassName" needs to be an existing StorageClass. Only the StorageClass named `longhorn-static` will be create if it does not exist. By default 'longhorn-static'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `storageClassName` is for persistent volumes (PVs) and persistent volume claims (PVCs) when creating PV/PVC for an existing Longhorn volume. Notice that it's unnecessary for users to create the related StorageClass object in Kubernetes since the StorageClass would only be used as matching labels for PVC bounding purposes.  The "storageClassName" needs to be an existing StorageClass. Only the StorageClass named `longhorn-static` will be created if it does not exist. By default 'longhorn-static'.
```

Author: Modified. Thanks.
